now and they're ready to run racing and
big Macher was slow to move shy she not
showing a great deal of speed at El
Padrino dropped back shortly after the
break
lucky nine came out flying rich tapestry
began well secret circle third super
jockey fourth and two lengths away cool
cowboy another half length away his
speed Hawk is driving up along the fence
followed then by United color on the
outside of Krypton factor as they move
down the side of the course a lengthened
a half the shy she saludos amigos El
Padrino Marty ridges second last and big
Macher his last of all as they Thunder
under the bend they ran the first
quarter in 23.8 they're turning for home
lucky nine on the outside of rich
tapestry Hong Kong one - he's the USA
secret circle making a line of 3 and
super jockeys a length and a half away
secret circle went to the front coming
to the final 200 meters super jockey is
giving chase rich tapestry still there
on the royal secret circle in front
super jockeys coming super jockey is
driving it secret circle secret circle
but digs in hangs on wins secret circle
beat super jockey rich tapestry third El
Padrino and Big Mac are both flew at the
end then saludos amigos Speed Hawk cool
cowboy United Kailash I see Lucky 9
Krypton factor and mati Ridge came in
last of all